README.md, before:

## Jupyter notebooks

Below you can find a list of [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) notebooks
demonstrating the functionality of various
[GAP](https://www.gap-system.org/) packages hosted at the [GitHub
organisation homalg-project](https://homalg-project.github.io/), most
of which are part on the four projects:

* [homalg_project](https://github.com/homalg-project/homalg_project#readme),
* [CAP_project](https://github.com/homalg-project/CAP_project#readme),
* [CategoricalTowers](https://github.com/homalg-project/CategoricalTowers#readme),
* [HigherHomologicalAlgebra](https://github.com/homalg-project/HigherHomologicalAlgebra#readme).

All these [GAP](https://www.gap-system.org/) packages can be accessed
through the [Julia](https://julialang.org/) package
[CapAndHomalg](https://github.com/homalg-project/CapAndHomalg.jl#readme).

| Jupyter notebooks                                                                                        |
|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| [CategoryOfRepresentations.ipynb][CategoryOfRepresentations]                                             |
| [CohP1.ipynb][CohP1]                                                                                     |
| [DivFreeNotIndFree.ipynb][DivFreeNotIndFree]                                                             |
| [ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Adelman.ipynb][ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Adelman] |
| [ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Freyd.ipynb][ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Freyd]     |
| [SymmetricAlgebraInternalToS4rep.ipynb][SymmetricAlgebraInternalToS4rep]                                 |
| [TiltingEquivalence.ipynb][TiltingEquivalence]                                                           |
| [uMPS(2,2,4)_0dim.ipynb][uMPS224]                                                                        |

<!-- BEGIN FOOTER -->

[CategoryOfRepresentations]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/CategoryOfRepresentations/
[CohP1]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/CohP1/
[DivFreeNotIndFree]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/DivFreeNotIndFree/
[ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Adelman]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/ImageOfPullback/
[ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Freyd]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/ImageOfPullback_using_Freyd/
[SymmetricAlgebraInternalToS4rep]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/SymmetricAlgebraInternalToS4rep/
[TiltingEquivalence]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/TiltingEquivalence/
[uMPS224]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/uMPS224/

<!-- END FOOTER -->

Commit message:

Running the notebooks on your machine

README.md, after:

## Jupyter notebooks

Below you can find a list of [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) notebooks
demonstrating the functionality of various
[GAP](https://www.gap-system.org/) packages hosted at the [GitHub
organisation homalg-project](https://homalg-project.github.io/), most
of which are part on the four projects:

* [homalg_project](https://github.com/homalg-project/homalg_project#readme),
* [CAP_project](https://github.com/homalg-project/CAP_project#readme),
* [CategoricalTowers](https://github.com/homalg-project/CategoricalTowers#readme),
* [HigherHomologicalAlgebra](https://github.com/homalg-project/HigherHomologicalAlgebra#readme).

All these [GAP](https://www.gap-system.org/) packages can be accessed
through the [Julia](https://julialang.org/) package
[CapAndHomalg](https://github.com/homalg-project/CapAndHomalg.jl#readme).

| Jupyter notebooks                                                                                        |
|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| [CategoryOfRepresentations.ipynb][CategoryOfRepresentations]                                             |
| [CohP1.ipynb][CohP1]                                                                                     |
| [DivFreeNotIndFree.ipynb][DivFreeNotIndFree]                                                             |
| [ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Adelman.ipynb][ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Adelman] |
| [ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Freyd.ipynb][ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Freyd]     |
| [SymmetricAlgebraInternalToS4rep.ipynb][SymmetricAlgebraInternalToS4rep]                                 |
| [TiltingEquivalence.ipynb][TiltingEquivalence]                                                           |
| [uMPS(2,2,4)_0dim.ipynb][uMPS224]                                                                        |

## Running the notebooks on your machine

The notebooks require the [Julia](https://julialang.org/) packages
* [`IJulia`](https://github.com/JuliaLang/IJulia.jl#readme) to launch [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) in the browser and load the notebooks, and
* [`CapAndHomalg`](https://github.com/homalg-project/CapAndHomalg.jl#readme) to run them interactively.

<!-- BEGIN FOOTER -->

[CategoryOfRepresentations]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/CategoryOfRepresentations/
[CohP1]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/CohP1/
[DivFreeNotIndFree]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/DivFreeNotIndFree/
[ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Adelman]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/ImageOfPullback/
[ImageOfPullback_in_AbelianClosure_using_Freyd]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/ImageOfPullback_using_Freyd/
[SymmetricAlgebraInternalToS4rep]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/SymmetricAlgebraInternalToS4rep/
[TiltingEquivalence]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/TiltingEquivalence/
[uMPS224]: https://homalg-project.github.io/nb/uMPS224/

<!-- END FOOTER -->
